Terri Daniel went through what every parent fears,
the loss of her child.
Her son Danny was dying from a degenerative
metabolic disorder just as Terri
was opening her intuitive abilities.
Terri found that her bond with Danny
exceeded the normal intuitive bond
between mother and child when Danny finally passed over.
From the other side, he began to
teach her about family relationships.
(soothing piano music)
You had a very challenging journey
at one point a few years ago and for several years
prior to that because your son was seriously degenerating
right before your eyes and died at a very tender age
and you weren't even able to communicate with him
at the time of his death and those few years prior
as I understand it, but something happened
once he passed to the other side
and while he was in the degenerative process
to you, can you talk about what happened to your own
intuitive abilities and what was going on with your son
during these final years of his life?
I was always somewhat intuitive, I was always interested
in spiritual work and metaphysical study,
but when he was about three years out before he died
he started to lose the ability to speak.
He has a progressively degenerative disease,
and as he started losing the ability to speak,
I started gaining the ability to hear telepathically.
We got to a point where we could communicate that way
as any mother can with a nonverbal child,
you can communicate with your infant,
and it kind of went back to that,
but there was a lot more going on.
At the time I was working as a tarot card reader
at a metaphysical bookstore, and I met a woman
who was my mentor, Judy, who said,
"You know when you do these readings,
"you can channel while you're doing them."
I thought, "Oh... okay."
She showed me some exercises and some processes
to open a conduit and begin channeling.
I started bringing in guides and teachers
in dreams and meditations in my tarot reading
and remarkably I found that I could start communicating
with my son that way as well.
And this is when he was still alive?
Yes, it was three years before he died.
This whole group of teachers and guardians
came and wrapped themselves around us
and led us to the next steps.
Of course they were waiting all along
I just had to open the conduit to hear them.
And what were the next steps?
The next steps were I began to teach my son
to meditate and also teach him different views of death.
I realized that children in America, their only
idea of death is what they see on TV and the movies.
And you knew at this time he was going to die?
I knew when he was 10 that he was going to die
and at this point he was now 12 or 13.
So I thought, okay I'm going to have to talk to him
about this, I'm going to have to explain it to him.
We never had any relatives who died,
we never had a dog who died, so he knew nothing
except video games and movies. Violence, rage.
The first thing, the next step was to give him
a different view of death.
I started getting books from the library and
websites with Native American views
and Buddhist views and teaching it to him
and reading him stories and also imparting
my existing beliefs about reincarnation and the afterlife
and teaching him when you die, it's gonna be like
you just go to sleep and then you wake up in another world,
but in this world, your body is perfect,
you feel absolute joy, and guess what?
I will still be there with you, and you'll say,
"Wow, I'm gone, but I'm not gone, I'm here even more."
With that I started giving him guided meditations
and teaching him all of this because I wanted him
to have a happy death, I didn't want him to be afraid.
You were communicating, by this time,
telepathically with him in terms of your hearing,
but in terms of your verbalization
of these various traditions and stories
that you had just mentioned, were you getting
validation from him that he was really understanding
and embracing this information and interested in it?
That's a really good question because
he couldn't say to me, "This is cool" or "Yes I get this"
but yes, I was and I was getting that validation
emotionally and telepathically.
When I would do a guided meditation with him
he couldn't keep his eyes closed because
neurologically he was having seizures all the time
so I would say, "Okay close your eyes"
and he would go like this and he would open them again.
Yeah.
(both laugh)
But he was trying to close his eyes,
so I knew he was listening and he'd be smiling
and he would just be in this blissful space
and I could feel it, and I could feel his soul
and I would have dreams, or I'd fall asleep next to him
and I'd have these incredible visions and dreams
of his soul and my soul dancing over mountaintops
with bells ringing in the background, just amazing stuff.
So I knew he was getting in.
[Regina] So by the time he had lost his ability to speak
he was still very young, like you said
by the age of 11 or 12 he was having difficulty?
He started having difficulty about 11
and by 13 or 14 he couldn't really talk at all.
So he never reached an age where
he would have been able to articulate
the kind of things that happened then
once he made his transition into the other world, right?
Yes and that's a problem for me.
That's one of the things I still struggle with,
with guilt because all bereaved parents have guilt,
and I wish that I had started talking to him about this
when he was still able to talk.
He was diagnosed when he was 10.
What did he have again?
It was called metachromatic leukodystrophy.
It's a very rare disease, one in 80,000 births,
and it takes an exact genetic lineup between parents
for it to happen, it was hereditary and he was adopted.
It's a metabolic disorder, it's a degenerative
metabolic disorder, is it not?
Sort of, it's a myelin demyelination,
the myelin sheath of the brain disappears kind of disorder.
Right, right.
I always thought, I wish I had started talking to him
about this when he was 10, because then
he could tell me what he thought about death.
But when he was 10, I wasn't ready to tell him,
"You're gonna die" because I didn't want him
to worry about it, so I didn't really
start telling him that until he was 12 and 13.
By that time he couldn't respond verbally
to me so that's something I regret.
When I work with parents now of severely disabled
children with life threatening diseases, I always
tell them, "Talk about this while they can still talk."
But most of the parents say, "Oh no, I can't."
Same reason I couldn't.
I understand. Yes. Let's move into the time
where he did make his transition from this world to the next
and then what started happening.
Well it turns out that all the training I did
for both of us, which it turns out it was,
all those meditations and conversations and the dreams,
I would sleep by his side and we would journey together.
30 minutes after he died, I was holding his body
in my arms and I said, "Where are you?
"can you show me where you are?"
and he sent me this ridiculous vision.
It was a picture of him standing in about
two inches of water, kicking his feet and laughing
and he's wearing a t-shirt with rolled up sleeves
and pants with rolled up cuffs
and he looked like James Dean in Rebel Without a Cause
(Regina laughs)
and I laughed my head off, I just thought that was so funny
and I said, "Why are you showing me this?"
and he said, "Because I want you to laugh.
"I want you to see how much fun this is."
And you were hearing him?
I was totally hearing him, and this was
30 minutes after he died, but the hearing
isn't like you're hearing me right now.
It's not sound in your ears. It's thoughts in your head.
They were so clear and so articulate
and he was very articulate when he could talk,
and he turned out to be extremely articulate
on the other side as well and he said,
"Well here we are. We've planned this.
"We worked on this, now the fun and games can begin.
"This is what we're really here to do,
"so let's get started. We've got work to do."
Let's talk about where the work began.
(both laugh)
In the beginning I started seeing him
and hearing him all the time and he introduced me
to somebody else that he was with on the other side,
a man that I first saw...
well he showed me this vineyard,
this sun-drenched beautiful yellow light
Italian vineyard and in a tree
was this man who was working, picking fruit or something,
and it was one of my guides, somebody named Arlin.
Danny started introducing me to all of these people.
It had now gotten to the point where I was
getting these huge visuals and these magnificent stories
from him and I would write them all down in my journal.
So he introduced me to Arlin and a bunch of other people
who were with him, and he started teaching me
about soul families, and how incarnations are planned,
"All the people here right now
are members of our soul family.
"Some of us are incarnated together now
"or at other times, we sort of pop in and out,
"and in-between incarnations we sit
"and we have these conferences,"
this is how he put it, and he showed me
a beautiful little stone cottage in the middle
of this vineyard with a big table
and everybody's sitting around the table.
I'm not saying that's the way it always happens
but he showed it to me in a way that I would understand,
Right.
which is how they communicate with us.
They'll give us whatever vision works for us.
If we want to see Jesus and Saint Peter
and pearly gates, this is what we'll see.
Whatever we're going to relate to
and feel comfortable with, comforted by.
Yes, whatever communicates with us.
There were reasons why these elements
worked for me and he knew that.
He started to teach me stuff, he said,
"Start writing this down, get a tape recorder.
"You're gonna be hearing from me a lot."
Let's start talking about what he was telling you
about how people come together into relationship,
how family comes together and so forth.
I wish I had a copy of the book with me
because I could read you this great quote.
All members of a family are there by agreement
to work out certain issues that you want to work with.
For example, if we're sitting at the cosmic conference table
right now, I might be saying to you,
"I really need to work on greed.
"I've got some stuff with that." and so you
might say to me, "Let's plan this out."
It's like rolling a map out on the table,
and you'll say, "I'll tell you what, how about
"I'll incarnate as your rich uncle
"and I'll leave you out of my will."
Someone else will pipe in and say,
"I'll be the abusive mother who neglects and abuses you
"and that way you can learn about self sufficiency."
Somebody else will throw in something else
and that's how we plan our incarnation.
Here we are, we pop into Earth and we've got this family
and it's such a gift of healing
to be able to look at it this way because
you don't feel like a victim, you don't say,
"Why did the uncle leave me out of the will?
"and why did my mother neglect and abuse me?"
We know why, and when we can look at it
as what a beautiful conscious agreement
we've made to work on certain things,
it's just gratitude, not victim-ness that we feel.
Right, right. It's all done by design.
Where does the whole notion of karmic repercussions
play into it? Or is he saying that doesn't exist?
It doesn't exist. It absolutely doesn't exist.
Karma does exist, but not in the way most people
understand it, and I actually talk about this
a lot in my next book, which is
the idea of karma came to us from
the Tibetan Buddhists who were exiled
when the Chinese invaded Tibet in 1950
and all of those teachings were kept
sequestered in the Himalayas because
they couldn't get out and people couldn't get in
so it was sort of a secret teaching,
but when Tibet was invaded and they came out
they fled to India and eventually trickled to the west
and that's how we got Buddhism,
that's how we got Zen was because of that,
and along with it came the concept of karma.
Westerners looked at the concept of karma
and filtered it through our Judeo-Christian version
of good and evil, judgement and punishment.
So we came up with these ideas like good and bad karma:
if you do something bad, then that same
bad thing will come back to you.
That's not exactly true.
What Danny and the teachers have told me
is that karma is balanced, not paid back.
Right.
There's a big difference.
Everything's about balance, absolutely.
So if I was a serial killer, I might choose to be
the victim of a serial killing in another incarnation
because I choose to balance that energy,
but nobody's making that choice but my own soul.
He made that clear, and I think
this is a really good point that
people hear is that no one is forced
to reincarnate or to incarnate at all.
Exactly.
It changes everything when we have
that one basic understanding though, doesn't it?
Well because that brings to the question of free will.
Some schools of thought, the Hindu school of thought
is that we're stuck on this wheel of incarnation
and I can't speak to what the true traditional
Hindu view is, but most people think it means
that we're stuck and I'm pretty sure that's
not what it means, that's not what
I've been taught, is that it's a choice.
We can incarnate by choice because we're curious
because we're insatiable for information and learning
or we could just be vapor, or we could
be somewhere else or we can be teachers.
Right now my son is telling me that
he hasn't decided if he wants to come back
to Earth or not, because he wants to be
a teacher and healer but he knows
there's more stuff he wants to do in physical form
but right now he's working really hard
in this form and he can choose.
The other issue that comes into this
is that there is no time.
Right.
If you start thinking about time it's like
we have to hurry up and incarnate
and it's endless, time doesn't even exist
so if you don't incarnate for the next
million years, that's perfectly fine.
Whatever lessons you want to learn
you're gonna get them eventually.
Right, right. Well let's talk about
what happens. Did he speak of his own
experience, why he chose an incarnation
with a body that was to essentially
ware out by the age of 16?
Yeah he talked about that a lot.
It's a really long story, it goes back to--
[Regina] Well if you can kind of encapsulate
in general why a being would choose to live
out an incarnation in a body that's either
very ill or disabled and what the learning is and so forth.
Basically, a choice to live with very little ego.
If you don't have a body to deal with,
if you're not concerned with how you look
and how you appear to other people,
if you're not concerned with sex and success
in the physical world, all those things that come
with a body, then you're free to just concentrate
on the spiritual things, and that's
the basic incarnation 101 version of it.
For him in particular, his illness was part
of an agreement we had to bring me to doing this teaching.
It was kind of like if you go back to that
cosmic conference table, my request was
I want to develop my inter-dimensional communication skills,
and I want to be a spiritual teacher.
His request was that he wanted to do that too
so this was kind of a program that we
came up with for lack of a better word.
The people I work with now that I teach
meditation and after death communication to,
almost all of them have lost a loved one
in a tragic way, lost a child, and I say to them
this is an answer to your request
to develop your intuitive skills.
What better way to learn how to work that muscle
than to have somebody on the other side
that you really want to talk to? So that was part of it.
The illness was about caregiving, was part of
preparation for me to become a hospice worker.
For him it was about releasing attachment to the body
and doing his work as a teacher.
It was a... I hate to use the word sacrifice,
I call it volunteerism. He was an unconditional volunteer.
Some souls incarnate just to sponsor the growth of another,
and that's what this incarnation was for him.
You were also in a very challenging
personal relationship at the same time.
You had a lot going on, a lot you were dealing with.
Did you learn more about your personal relationships
as well as a result of this communication and experience?
Yeah that was a big part of it.
My husband that I was with during
the entire ten years of Danny's illness,
from the day Danny started showing symptoms,
that was two weeks later that husband showed up.
Ten years later, Danny died and I got divorced.
There was this bracketed piece of time
when the three of us were together
and he, we'll call him Jack, was
a really big part of this plan.
There was so much learning there for all of us.
What I learned from Jack was a lot of really good stuff
about how to be alone, I learned about self sufficiency
by being married to this particular person.
What Jack learned I cannot say. I don't know.
Danny gifted all of us with this experience.
I really do think, and Danny's told me this,
that again he was here as a volunteer.
Certainly Danny learned something too.
Danny learned how to be a master of stillness.
He learned how to live in spirit
and disconnect from the physical world
when he was looking at the chaos around him
and be an anchor for us to go to
or peace if we chose to, I chose to,
I don't know if Jack chose to, I don't speak for him.
But it was an amazing little piece of time
and it was like, when Jack showed up Danny said,
"Oh you're here! Let's get this party started!
"Finally you've arrived, we've got a plan
"and we're gonna carry it out here."
One of the things that he and you're
working with heavily now and one of the things
that he started talking to you about
was working with your guides and the whole system
of guidance and what that's about.
Can you share what was shared with you?
I already knew this, but Danny
showed it to me in absolute clarity
that we all have guides, we're not here alone.
One of the things, the way he explained it to me
was an analogy of imagine you have a little child,
three years old, and you're taking her
to preschool for the first time,
and you leave her there in this strange world.
You wouldn't just leave her there without
checking the place out, making sure it was okay,
making sure the teachers had your phone number
in case of an emergency, that's how we came to Earth.
When we left home, when we left source,
when we broke off from the great divine all
and decided to come to physical incarnation
because we were curious and wanted experience,
our mother/father/creator/source/God,
whatever you want to call it, didn't just
dump us here and abandon us.
We have these connections always
available to us, it's always on,
it's always there, it's always communicating.
Our guides are constantly around us
and we're never here alone.
It's constantly heaven, heaven isn't this place
up in the sky obviously, it's not a remote location.
It's the energy of everything around us all the time.
While we're here in existence, in physical
existence, we're in touch with heaven.
It's broadcasting to us constantly.
It's like a TV, and if the TV's turned off,
you think it's off, but all you have to do
is turn it on and the stuff comes at you.
It's like that with connecting with guides.
What about the notion
of our own essence, our own soul,
everyone has their own word for it,
spirit, essence, soul, soul development,
which is always connected with the all
and the all information, what is it about our being
when we become multidimensional and move into
the physical, into this dimension
that makes it difficult for us to communicate with
our own other half and thus necessitating
the need for guides, outside guides?
That's a great question. In the physical, first of all,
there's physical density. Bodies are like brick walls.
That's the first thing that gets in the way.
The second thing that gets in the way
is culture and religion and all this teaching
that we're not connected to home,
well they do teach that but it's
cluttered up with a lot of other stuff.
They have told me that there is a necessity to forget
our connection in order to live on Earth,
because if we were on Earth and we knew
all of this, we wouldn't want to
be here anymore. We couldn't stand it here.
We would want to die all the time.
Yet we continue to choose this.
We continue to choose this, some of us don't.
Some of us say, "Okay I'm out of here"
and that's why suicide isn't a sin, suicide is a choice,
and I think that people who choose suicide
are in so much pain because they feel
so separate that they just want to
go back to something that they feel connected to.
I don't think they consciously think that
but I think that's what the soul is working on.
The people that you see wandering the streets,
homeless people, insane people mumbling, talking to God
as they walk down the street in New York City,
they have not forgotten where they come from.
There's a little piece of the incarnation process
that was glitched out somewhere there and they still have
a little connective fiber and they can't be here.
They don't know how to be here.
Danny's told me this whole thing about
what happens when we incarnate,
and he gives me a lot of child-like visions.
He says it's like the movie Men in Black if you remember
that movie where they zapped people's memories.
When we're ready to incarnate, we go through
this memory erasing process so that we don't
remember the work that we did in-between
incarnations because otherwise we couldn't
fully experience the ego and being human.
Let's talk about the value of that,
the value of incarnating and reincarnating.
Well if all we want is to accumulate experience,
and apparently that is what the soul is all about
is I just want to get bigger and expand,
the universe has two basic forms:
expansion and contraction.
Expansion is just accumulating
as much experience and wisdom as possible.
Contraction is when it's all in there and
it's all so tight and you squeeze it all,
it's like making a diamond out of coal.
It contracts so much that it turns into matter,
that's how we come into bodies.
If expansion is what we're doing
and what we're motivated to do,
the best way to do that is to come to Earth
and have this experience as many times as possible.
We can quit anytime we want.
That's true, no one holds a gun
to anybody's head to incarnate.
(both laugh)
Before I ask you this next question
which goes into the work that you do now,
what were a couple of the other things
that you learned from Danny after his departure
in that period of time that were of really great use to you
that you had not known or were not aware of before
that may have even surprised you?
The thing that comes to mind is something
that he called the healing courtyard.
He showed me how to heal people,
that we can always work with each other's souls
and if that soul is giving permission
to being contacted, so for example,
he gave me a vision of a man in a hospital bed
in a coma, and he showed me how
he could bring this man's soul to this place
he called the healing courtyard.
He always staged everything in Italian villas
(Regina laughs)
and 17th century, I don't know why,
probably because we had a past life there,
I never really asked him why, but that
always resonated with me, I like the way
the light looks in those places.
So he brings this man to this little bench
in a courtyard and he says I'm working with
this man's soul. He isn't sure if he wants
to die yet, he's in this coma, but his soul
is requesting council. So I can go to him,
I can bring his soul here to this healing place
and talk to him and say, "Let's look at your blueprint,
"let's look at your plan. Here's what will happen
"if you leave your body now, here's what will happen
"if you stay in for another five years
"or 10 years or whatever. If you leave now,
"here is the myriad of lessons
"that you will learn, your family members,
"everybody involved, and if you stay for another 10 years
"you will learn this group of lessons.
"So which would you like to choose?"
Not only is that man's soul making that choice,
but all the other members of his soul family.
His wife who is sitting next to the bed crying,
his children who are looking over his will,
whoever's involved on a soul level,
even though they're not aware of it,
all of those souls are convening and saying,
"How do we do this next step? If Dad dies,
"this this and that. If Dad lives, this will happen."
There all done by agreement, he showed me how that happens.
A person who is dying or in a coma
can request healing assistance
and be greeted by people like Danny
and guides and angels of all kinds
to sit and help them make that decision,
but don't make it alone because
the members of their soul family are affected as well.
On that level, all those souls are in the mix.
It's like pieces of a kaleidoscope.
If you look at a kaleidoscope and it turns
just a tiny little bit, all of the pieces restructure,
and that's how every free will decision
affects every soul family.
The notion of soul families,
if the desire is for the broadening of
experience and refinement of knowledge
and so forth, why do we choose to
continue incarnating within a soul family?
We don't because a soul family is limitless
like the people who are your mother
and father and children, that's just your
immediate soul family for right now,
but since there's no time, there really is not right now.
Soul families are if you drive your car down the street
and hit a deer, that's a member of your soul family.
The guy who stops his truck and helps you
deal with the deer is a member of your soul family.
Some are really deeply involved with you,
some are less involved with you.
Every experience, that hitting the deer,
the guy who came and helped you,
moved the kaleidoscope one little niche,
so everybody's your soul family.
That broadens it out to the extent
where it can be any experience that you wish.
It's every experience, yeah.
Every experience in anywhere, in any shape.
The people that you bring close to you
like your husband and your children
are the ones that you've got some really intense
agreements with and really intense work to do.
The guy who helped you on the road when you hit the deer,
you had an agreement with him too.
This is what I often tell parents who are grieving
over the death of a child who got killed by a drunk driver.
The drunk driver, your child, you, the driver's family,
the police, the paramedics, everybody
in that widening circle, agreed to be here
at this moment for this experience, for each of them
there was a requested growth lesson.
Some of the parents say to me,
"No that can't be! I can't see it that way.
"That man killed my child," and I say
you can choose how you want to see it
and you can be in "that man killed my child"
and work with it that way, or you can be in,
"maybe we all had an agreement to meet
"here at this moment for this experience"
and work with it that way.
Yes. Now going to the work
you do with this because you help people
establish communication with those they love
on the other side, for those who are
not familiar with it and as you say
anyone can do this and I did this myself,
I've done it with a number of people,
but certainly my mother,
to the final dream where she came and said,
"Do you know how tired it makes me to come
"just because you and your sister call me?"
and I said, "Mom, don't come anymore.
"You don't have to do that, we're fine. You can go now."
She never came back after that.
She went to my sister the same night,
so we both had a chance to once again
say go well, be free and so forth
and communicate with her up to that point
and then that communication ended,
and with others as well.
We can all do this, but there seems to be
a stumbling block of belief for a lot of people.
They seem to feel that it's not possible.
How do you begin working with people
to find this means of communication?
How soon after her death did this happen?
I communicated with her as she was dying
and then certainly about an hour
before she left her body and then right after,
and then this went on for a couple of years where after that
more than my directly communicating with her
and talking with her, she would show up in dreams.
Finally she said, "This makes me very tired
"to come from where I am to where you are."
We didn't need anything from her,
we weren't looking for guidance.
This is a really good point.
In the very beginning it's difficult
for some of them, because they're in shock
and it's a long distance for them to go
but not every person, the minute
they die instantly has this ability.
[Regina] Exactly, yeah.
I did a workshop with a group of people
and I put them through a meditation
where they could all contact somebody,
most of them were contacting parents.
After we did the meditation, they reported
what they experienced and it was interesting
that most people saw their dead parents as younger people.
Yes, my mother showed up as about 19 years old.
Exactly. Okay.
Another person was there and they saw her
in exactly the same clothing, at exactly the same age
with the same beings around her,
so it wasn't just me seeing it,
so she was really projecting it.
Yes, and the reason they show up
as younger people, because all these people
were in their 70's and 80's when they died.
Everyone in the room raised their hand and said,
"Me too! I saw her so young, why is that?"
It was really the first time I noticed that
so I just tuned in and asked my guides
and they said because they are just learning this skill.
Just because somebody dies doesn't mean
they're automatically enlightened,
automatically capable of inter-dimensional travel,
it doesn't just come with the territory, it's not a given.
These beings who are being called,
like your mother, haven't worked on that skill,
it hasn't been in their curriculum yet.
No, she was getting quite a bit
of help from behind her, and also
she was in a coma for awhile before
so she has a little time to transition--
She had to practice, but still
inter-dimensional communication
is not her... specialty.
Yeah exactly.
(both laugh)
But for some people it is because
some people are meant to be teachers
and communicators, and some people
are busy doing something else.
My son started communicating perfectly
30 minutes after he died, where for others,
that's why we see them younger.
My son always said to me,
because sometimes I see him and
he looks 11, and sometimes he looks 30.
He said, "When I look young, I'm in learning mode,
"and when I look old, I'm in teaching mode."
We're seeing our parents looking
younger because they're learning.
The fact that you're calling them and
bringing them in is a teaching for them,
and it does make them tired.
It's a lot of work for them to do that.
They have to lower their frequency.
Exactly, and that's what she was
explaining to me and it's, "Oh, no problem
"Mom! Go have fun!"
How hard is it for you to raise your frequency?
Exactly, exactly.
And so you meet in the middle.
It was very interesting,
she was very exhausted trying to come through
those frequencies into the more dense one to communicate.
So she's saying this isn't really my thing.
(laughs)
Exactly. This is hard work
and you don't need me anyway, so let me go.
Go find another guide, there's plenty
of people here who can help you.
Exactly, and that was fine.
By now, she's probably gotten better at it
if it's something she's choosing to work on,
and it may not be.
I don't think so.
Not everybody does this.
Yet, another person I spoke with
right after they died stayed fully mature,
awake, and was quite a rascal.
I said, "Where'd you hide the money?"
(Regina laughs)
and he showed me where the money was hidden
so his wife could have the advantage of it,
because he had hidden it from her too.
And you found the money?
Yeah, oh yeah.
Wow, that's great.
But that was within 24 hours of
his death, so he was very available.
He was prepared--
He was totally prepared.
because this is something that he planned.
In a coma for three months prior, too.
Wow.
Very interesting but also
a little more advanced in those understandings.
Each one, it's a different journey.
Each one of us here has the ability to connect.
What do you do when you begin the process
of showing someone that they can do this,
how does that start for most people?
If I was working with someone one-on-one
like someone who came to me as a client
or a group if I was doing a six week workshop,
I would start of course by giving them
books to read and material to study,
that would be the first place.
Just to sort of see where they are
because there's such good information
out there, there's a lot of good books
and a lot of good places to start.
Along the way I would also walk them through
various guided meditations that start out
very simple of just breathing and feeling.
I have real special music that I use
that I search high and low over the internet for
meditation music and I can find this music
that's so rare and so amazing.
This is important in a lot of different
beliefs, disciplines, cultures and so forth,
the music that's used when you're trying to connect.
I think so, and I'm not really much
of a music person, but when I started doing this work
music became so important and I have found music
that I don't even know how it comes to me.
I find it online, I find this rare CD of meditation music
that you can only buy in England, and it costs $45
and I order the CD and I can never find it again.
People ask me, "Where did you find that?"
and I say, "Here's what it is. Go look for it."
Nobody can find it. I don't even know how it comes to me.
The music and the breathing is really important.
It's basically hypnotherapy, it just puts you into a state,
a heightened state and visualization, very simple stuff.
Walking through a meadow, somebody's standing there.
They give you something, what did they give you?
They're saying something to you,
what do you hear them say?
Before I do these meditations,
I prepare them with a list of things to watch out for.
You're not gonna see flying tables and flickering lights,
though you might, some people do.
You're not gonna probably hear verbal
words that your ears can hear.
They talk to us in symbols.
If you meet a guide in this meditation
or your dead father, he might hand you
a belt buckle or a hair brush. Don't dismiss that.
In our minds, what we do because the ego
is always in control, or tries to be, it's like,
"That's just a belt buckle, that doesn't mean anything."
Then you shut it down, and it's gone.
I walk them through a process of learning
to accept whatever they get, and if the being
whoever it is says to them,
"Black shoe on a pink floor"
or some ridiculous thing, allow that to be true.
I also have them write everything down
that they hear or experience.
This is critical. Allowing themselves
to take it in without invalidating.
I think that's probably one of the most critical things.
Before I will even walk them through
a meditation like this, I put them through this checklist
of all the things to watch out for, and
they get it, they do really well at it.
In most of my groups, at least half
of the people make contact easily,
and they're amazed at what they get.
And the other half could
if they had the confidence in themselves
and were not invalidating what's coming along
among whatever else may be going on
in their lives, fears of some kind
and whatever blocks us from learning.
That's absolutely true.
So you're saying every human being
does have the capability of doing this?
Absolutely. The beings around us in the higher realms,
our loved ones, our guides, are standing there
next to us all the time going,
"I'm here! Can't you see me?"
They're always out there, they're always
wanting to talk to us, but they're also infinitely patient,
because if there's no time, you can't be impatient.
I say that to my son a lot because sometimes
I'll really feel him calling me, there'll be some message
that he's trying to give me, and I'm busy.
The way I talk to him is I journal.
I hear him all the time, but when something big comes
I have to sit down at my computer
and he just starts writing through me.
I'll say, "I feel you calling me, I know you're
"trying to tell me something, but
"I can't do it right now, can you wait?"
(Regina laughs)
Then I feel bad and guilty, so the next time I talk to him
I'll say, "Do you feel bad that I push you away sometimes?"
and he says, "How can I be impatient if there's no time?"
(laughs) very true
There has to be time to be impatient.
All the time in the world, everything's broadcasting
at you constantly, you can receive it at your own pace.
Yes. You call the book A Swan in Heaven
and I see you have a swan necklace on,
why A Swan in Heaven?
(sighs) When he was 11 years old, it was
when September 11th happened, and
I was watching a documentary on TV
about the firefighters whose partners had died,
and the firefighters felt guilty that
they hadn't saved their partners,
and they went and got tattoos of
their partners' face on their backs.
Full shoulder to shoulder neck to waist tattoos
so that they felt like their partner
was with them all the time.
I saw this and I said, "That's great,
"I have to get a tattoo for Danny."
I asked him, when he could still talk,
if you could be any animal, what would you be?
He said a swan.
Aw.
I thought, he's an 11 year old boy,
why would he pick a swan?
A wolf, a dinosaur, a dragon, a swan?
So I asked him 10 times, "Are you sure?"
I didn't even know he knew what a swan was.
I was pretty sure he'd never seen one.
I kept saying, "Are you sure?" and he said, "Yes, a swan."
So I got a tattoo of a swan and I bought this
and now I have this whole swan thing.
I began researching what does swan mean
in various cultures, and I found out
that in the Keltic culture and also
in the Native American culture
and probably many others, it means transition.
The ugly duckling turns into a swan.
In the medicine cards, the swan travels between two worlds.
It goes into dream time, from Earth
to dream time with a dragonfly.
There's this whole story.
So he knew that a swan was about moving between worlds.
How perfect.
So that's why the book is called that.
Any final thoughts because
we can let people pick up a copy of the book
to get the full detailed experiences and dialoge
that was going on between you and your son
on these really very critical subjects
that all of us, areas of life,
every one of us has to interface with.
You have a new book coming out also in Spring
of 2010 about embracing death and the nuances there.
So any final thoughts you have before we wrap it up?
I think that if I could say one thing to the world,
it would be we're not alone. We're not alone here.
UFO people say that all the time,
but it's much more than that. Marianne Williamson said,
"If you had any idea who was walking with you,
"you would never be afraid of anything."
I would add to that: least of all, death.
Death is just like walking into the next room.
When you lose your fear of death, you lose your fear.
Fear of death is the core of all neurosis in human life.
The ego just wants to survive,
the ego just wants to be in control.
With that craving for control and security
we create greed, manipulation,
rape, violence, all of that stuff.
It really comes from the ego's fear of disappearance.
When you realize that your essence
cannot ever disappear, what could
there possibly be to be afraid of?
So well said. Thank you so much
for your time, Terri. I really appreciate
you telling us this beautiful story.
Thank you. Thank you Regina.
(soothing piano music)
Terri wrote a book about her experience
and the lessons shared by her son titled
A Swan in Heaven. You can go to her site
at SwanInHeaven.com to purchase a copy.
Meanwhile, you might also enjoy our interviews
with Dannion Brinkley and Diane Goble
on the subject of life beyond life.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(soothing piano music)